you knew still you did nothing
[Music]
are you doing yeah your grandma tells me
progressed on some fancy environment
lawyer down in Cincinnati I am a
corporate defense attorney so I defend
chemical companies
well now you can defend me how many did
you lose one hundred ninety a hundred
and ninety cows you tell me nothing's
wrong here it's a small matter for a
family friend help a guy needs it a
farmer or you
that's chemicals I'm telling ya I'm
seeing documents I don't understand
they're hiding something that chemical
what if you drank it drank
it's like saying what if I swallow
two-tire what if whatever is killing
those cows is in the drinking water at
DuPont better living through chemistry
it's our DNA you need to tell me what
the hell's going on
DuPont is knowingly poisoning 70
thousand local residents for the last 40
years
we knew still you did nothing you want
to flush your career down the toilet for
some cowhand you want to take everything
that you know and turn it against an
iconic American company like an
informant
isn't that right isn't that right isn't
that right yes they have all the money
all the firepower and they'll use it I
know I was one of them
our government is captive to DuPont
they're trying to force you to make me
stop he was willing to risk his job his
family for a stranger who needed his
help the system is rigged they want us
to think it'll protect us we protect us
we do
you